> Tell me about yourself.

I'm currently transitioning from my teaching career toward my path as a web developer.
I've been studying web development at Bloc since December 2018 after a few coding
classes at my local community college sparked my interest in the field. Before Bloc,
and during my Bloc program, I worked as a Special Education Teacher. As much as I enjoy
the field of education, I think that I can make a bigger difference in students' experience
as a web developer at your company.

>Why are you interested in programming?

I took a course in Python at my local community college in the Fall of 2018. I took the course
because I really like working with computers and technology and I just wanted to know more
about how programming works. There are so many small problems at work that I just knew could be
solved with programming, but I didn't know where to start. After my course at the college, I was
able to start tackling these smaller issues with coding, like making students schedules for testing
days and creating a single page app to promote school fundraisers.

>What interests you in this role?

I am interested infinding a role where I can really dive into developing my technical skills and
working as part of a strong and cohesive team. 

>Why do you want to work for this company?

Hopefully be able to list concrete things that they've done here...

>Tell me about one of your accomplishments.

I completed Bloc's Web Developer program in six months, culminating in my Capstone Project.
Explain project here and how many people use it and why it's good and I'm proud.
Tell me about a project you’ve done that you are proud of.

>Tell me about a challenge you overcame.

I have always been a perfectionist and it's caused significant anxiety as an adult. I never learned
how to deal with these tendencies when I was growing up, but started to run into them in my 
continued studies and my professional life. I noticed that I was missing out on a lot of opportunities
simply because I was avoiding anything that I knew I wouldn't be 100% successful at. It was either a 0 
or a 10 for me for every single thing. Then, one day, I started playing a game with some friends and
was having a lot of fun, but mostly failing and losing and just generally not understanding how it worked.
I took the time necessary to learn to play and realized that it was okay to be only kind of good at it, that
I could still enjoy it and have fun. It was then that I started to think that maybe I could apply this to
other things in my life. Since then, I've learned to code, joined my local tennis league, and started
a murder mystery writing group. I'm not the best programmer in the world, and I think I might be one of
the worst tennis players on my team, and while I'm a pretty strong writer, murder mystery is a totally new
genre for me and it's difficult to navigate! I'm finally comfortable sitting in the uncomfortable space of
learning something new and difficult. It took a long time to learn how to do that, but I'm so thankful that 
I did.

>Tell me about a time that you had a conflict with a colleague.

The grade level team I work with the most at school had fallen into this trap of negativite talk. Team meetings had
become a time to complain about specific students and share stories of their failures rather than celebrate
their success or explore ways to support them. At first, I tried to address this at a meeting by bringing up
some instances of these students' success and redirecting negative talk toward positivity. When more negative
talk continued to come up in meetings, I met privately with my supervisor to discuss how we could redirect team
talk to be more positive. She decided to add a topic to our weekly professional development schedule that focused
on monitoring our talk about students, even when they're not around. The professional development went well, but 
I really wanted to focus on this idea of not just NOT talkng negatively about students, but to encourage positive
talk and celebration of student strengths as a norm when colleagues talk to each other. I approached the team lead
of another grade level team who I know is very focused on this as well, and she agreed to host a book discussion group
for my team. The book we chose, Choice Words by Peter Johnston, illustrates different strategies for talking to and about
students in a way that highlights their strengths and successes both in the classroom an in the Teacher's Lounge.
I've noticed that talk about students has become significantly more positive in the last quarter since I started addressing
this problem with my teammates.

>What’s the most important thing you learned at Bloc?

I learned that time management is very important. Prioritizing my tasks and allowing sufficient time to finish
each one on a schedule allowed me to complete the program two months ahead of schedule.

>What unique qualities do you bring to this team?

My experience as an educator has allowed me to develop a unique view on learning new things as well as ways in 
which others learn. I know a lot about different ways to approach problems, and can recognize quickly when something
isn't working as expected and try to approach it from a different angle.

>What’s your biggest weakness?

I'm still a perfectionist at heart. My initial feeling when facing down something difficult is an immense fear
of failure and an intense want to give up before I start. However, I've become very familiar with these feelings
and can recognize them before they start. While I do always put my best effort forward, I'm working to become someone
who can be comfortable with the reality of what is MY best work.

>What’s important to you when thinking about where you work?

I want to work with a strong team of people who are good at communicating with each other, good at setting deadlines
and working hard to meet them, and keeping a healthy amount of structure in their day-to-day work.

>Where do you see yourself in five years?

Continuing to work as a developer and learning new technologies. In five years, I would like to have chosen
a specific language to dive deep into and have several projects that I am passionate about maintaining. I'd
also like to be a real voice in educational technology that speaks to progressive reading and writing educators
who'd like to really embrace technology to enhance our students' literate lives.