###Exercises


>In your own words highlight the differences in functionality
and purposes Client-Side and Server-Side code serves in a 
full-stack web application.

Client-side code runs on the client's computer in a browser. It sends requests to 
the server, and then uses the data that it receives back to render content
for the client. The client-side code processes, manipulates, and renders
this data that is sent from the server to provide a complete user experience, 
including window and document objects.

Server-side code runs on the server in a process. When a request is sent from the client,
server-side code handles the request and sends data back as a response. It is
common for server-side code to interact with a database. Server-side code has no
window or document objects and does not interface with HTML or the DOM.

>What explains Nodes' rise in popularity and use? What does 
"Isomorphic JavaScript programming" mean? Provide some 
real-world examples not listed in this checkpoint of companies 
using Node.js.

An Isomorphic Javascript application can run on both the client-side and the 
server-side. Some of the application and view logic can be executed on both
the server and the client, which helps to optimize performance, allows for 
increased maintainability, more stateful web apps, and search engine optimization
by default. Node.js facilitates this with a fast, stable server-side script runtime.
Node.js allows developers to write application logic such that it runs on both the
server and the client, thus allowing for faster, more efficient, stable, and searchable
web apps.

Some examples of Node.js in today's consumer Internet include Microsoft, IBM, Cisco, Netflix,
PayPal. PayPal has over 200 million active user accounts. They faced the problem of dispersed
teams doing tasks separately for browser and server applications. Now, their developers use
a single language - JavaScript.

Ebay also uses Node.js. The developers chose Node.js because they needed to make the Ebay application
as real-time as possible. The Ebay example shows the ability to maintain live connections to servers.

>Draw a diagram of a full-stack web application and its key components.

